# The Bridge
*Created: (March 1, 2023)*

A passageway that links two omniverses together at one time through Gates. The Elders are the only people able to open their Gate. To prevent incoming collisions or interference from the other side, the Bridge is only allowed to open for 5 seconds. The Gate can only open if all 5 Elders allow it, this only applies to Bex’s omniverse by the way. Bex can be granted permission to leave the Omniverse. The Gate will exist around the person who calls upon it. This Gate stays dominant until activated and remains closed until agreed upon to open. The Gate can ONLY be activated from the inside of an omniverse. The space that inhibits between omniverses is the “absolute void”. Basically it's a zone of space that doesn’t exist. Well it exists and doesn’t exist at the same time. In summary, it's death, so if you “touch” it, you instantly become nonexistent. But the Bridge protects against the void with its long tunnel with “special” forces. An omniverse can not be entered from outside at any means. Gates can open only by a person or group of people “worthy” of so. I know that  doesn’t make sense, but if you want to leave you need to ask your most “worthy” and strongest person in your omniverse to open their Gate. A Bridge may only exist if two other omniverses’ Gates link together. This Bridge can only exist for 5 seconds as the pressure of the void starts destroying the Bridge after this time. You can't increase the time that the Bridge exists for since it's only a temporary passageway. Even if you pour all your power, it doesn’t matter. Bridges can overlap each other since of their weird geometry. Bridges cannot be destroyed by anything other than the void outside of it. The distance of the Bridge can be infinite but only a few thousand feet in perspective to the people inside their omniverses. Once you enter a Bridge you will be dragged along to the other end almost instantaneously.