# Death (Alex Woods)
*Created: (March 31, 2023)*

The 52th Death to exist. A very hopeful man who thinks the next Death he chooses will bring great change to the universe. Was slightly crazy and a very drunk person. Trained to become smarter and stronger. Sought out trillions of people who could become the next Death. Was near to dying.

A human born from a regular family to one day be granted a power by a higher entity for an unknown purpose. With the knowledge that his power was dangerous, he sought to find his successor in hopes to save the cosmos. For a long time, he searched for thousands of years through out the universe. until landing onto his home planet, earth. All the humans were just regular beings that didn’t have any features to make them able to wield his power, except one. This person had seen true despair and lived in it despite his good connections. A man of laziness and hope, Charlie Madalern. He was later confronted by Death and given his power. Since Death had been fighting an another being for thousands of years, find someone was going to be hard. Now the only thing to remain was hope in Death’s eyes.

## Story:
A long ago a human was born from the of regular beings on earth. The name of their child was named “Alex Woods”. Alex lived peacefully through his life. He was his good at his subjects and studied well. A particular day at school when the sun was shining as bright. Alex looked out the window and dark clouds formed above. The entire city was covered in these clouds and no weather prediction said there would be. No one else noticed but him and the sound of thunder could be heard. “Might be just rain” said a person. “The news lies like always” said another. A small ball of light drops from the clouds above. The ball floats over to where Alex was. This ball transformed into a butterfly and flew through the window’s opening. Alex though confused, didn’t fear the mysterious object. It flew onto on his hand, and sank into it. There wasn’t any pain, but rather comfort and peace. No one else saw the event unfold, only Alex saw it happen.

As he heads home, a distant voice can heard. Alex turns to see nothing there. He continues walking towards his house. His mother comes to greet him and his father is in the living room. He also welcomes him as usual, and Alex goes upstairs to his room. He puts his things away and goes to eat dinner. Now back in his room, he does his homework and gets on his bed. He lies and puts his blanket over him. The ceiling reminds himself of everything he did today, all the achievements he has done, and all the possible futures to take place. He turns to begin sleeping.
His eyes open and his appears to still be in his room. Its windy and dark outside. A faded and semi-transparent entity is seated at his deck reading a book. “A classic ending. You know, you read this as well. The character development is perfect.” the entity said. “Who are you?” Alex asked calmly. The entity closes the book and places it back onto the shelf. “I have chosen you, and only you.” it says. “Why me? What makes me special.” The entity replies, “Nothing. You have absolutely nothing special about you, and that’s what makes you unique.” Alex gets out his bed, “Are you the one who did that butterfly earlier?” The entity replies, “I guess there’s no hiding it, but yes. That butterfly was a small percentage of power that I’ve given you.” Alex questions, “Why did you give me this power?” The entity sighs, “It was a hard choice of picking you, but you’re power lies into another person, and I trust you to find this person.” Alex says in a mean tone, “So what, I’m your messenger now?” The entity stands from the chair, “I can’t find this person myself, since my existence can last so long here. You have an another purpose along with finding a trustworthy person suited to you power. This purpose-- is up to you for work for.” The entity says. “Up to me? What is the supposed to mean?” Alex says. “You will discover your purpose soon, and once you do, please be happy.” The entity says as a blinding white light comes in the room. Alex wakes up from the dream and the sun is blinded by the sun. The alarm clock is beeping loudly, Alex puts his hand over to find the button to stop it. As he presses the button he can feel his hand going past the button. He looks at the clock to see it with a big dent where the button was. He looks at his hands with surprise, “Is this the power that he gave me? Jesus Christ,” he says.
Alex’s power was beyond even his own comparison, he was more powerful than he expected himself to be. His first thought to the power at first was, “I’m dangerous.” Alex traveled to a forest to test out his newly found abilities. He was able to fly, shoot energy, and summon weapons made out of darkness. Then, he looks to the sky and thinks, “Should I listen to him?” The wind blows and the trees whistle. “Find a trustworthy person. If trusted me so much to do it, I’m important to whatever might happen in the future. Fine. I will seek out this person, god.” After many years, Alex finished high school and told his parents why he was leaving. “Lying to them, wasn’t going to be easy. They simply wouldn’t understand the real problem, but I will always love them.” he said as he walked to the forest where first tested out his powers. With a dark cloak covering him he flies off the ground, and flies through space. In space he meets many types of friendly aliens and learns of their cultures. He makes friends along the way look for the person he sought.

He lands on a dark planet with his bag full of things. The clouds darken the entire planet, some light breaks through. Its always look like night there, and it was raining. He heads north to find hub where many types of species across the galaxy come to. He heads upstairs to the bar area. Alex sits down and grabs a drink. He can hear a voice whispering behind him. He look behind and sees a shadowy figure lurking. It fazes through the door. Alex considers if should follow It, but then the figure comes back to mock him. “That’s it.” Alex says quietly. He heads out the bar and follows the figure. He leads him across the hub and heads downstairs. The stairs go into an extremely dark area. Death pulls out his light to light away the path. The figure can barely be seen until arrives at a door. It laughs and disappears into a mist. It was had tough looking door, but Alex unlocks the door using his powers. He forms a shadowy key with his finger and opens the door. Behind the door was a platform that an object on it. Alex got closer to observe the object, and it was a purple book. Alex puts tries to open the book but it doesn’t budge. “Odd.” He said. He looks at the cover of the book more closely.

## References: 
The Grim Reaper

## Origin: 
Just a simple name given to him after the grim-reaper like appearance he has. He is just cloaked with his face barely showing. I say “grim-reaper like” to describe the torn and broken state of his cloak. He is also named after the name used when annoyimously ordering packages from Amazon at the time.


