# Zoi Ferro
*Created: (August 17, 2022)*

A confident blacksmith that grew up to take under his father's passions and was able to get hired by the Black Forge.

Zoi Ferro is the greatest weapon smith who worked at the Black Forge. Zoi had worked effortlessly to create weapons of great peace and destruction. From a hard working family to the great black smiths in the universe, created a child for the future generations of weapon works. Zoi wanted to build and continue on his parent’s careers. He grew up to create truly perfect weapons and get hired by the Black Forge. For many years he taught and worked with his peers to make a fortune. Despite his mad wealth he sought to continue on impressing and loving his parents. He grew old, and even then, he was still as good as in his prime. A Glimmer of battle came along. A Vision of a far future of pure destruction. So with that, he decided to work a long term project, the Aperen. For many years he worked at perfecting his creation, sweating among the hottest flames.

## Story:
A child of two great sword smiths is born. He is named after his father and determined as “Zoi Ferro”. His mother and father were hard working people who dedicated their lives to creating all types of weaponry. Zoi was eventually taught how to forge blades of steel. Zoi found a great interest into his father’s creations. He loved the sparks of iron and hot flames. Their beautiful colors made him want to  grow up like his parents. So he began working at an early age, making simple words and axes. He became gradually more precise and refined his weapon. Many companies wanted went so far to hire Zoi many times. He refused despite the many chances to achieve wealth, but he sought something more important to him, progress. A form of progress to make his parent proud of his work. As he grew, he designed weapons of his own. They started so basic that other design said his talent was in crafting weapon, not designing them. Zoi heard of this and tried even harder, looking through many books and ancient texts. His parents regularly checked on to him see studying, but didn’t intervene. His parents stood proud of him and pushed him to work harder. Zoi listened to his parent’s kind words and decide crafted many weapons that changed other people’s mind. People and other designers had a great interest into Zoi even more. Day after leaving his workshop he received a letter. This letter had a message stating that it could only be read in secret by Zoi Ferro. Zoi takes the letter and enters his room. He unfolds the letter to figure out its sender, the Black Forge. A forge renowned for its greatest weapons among the entire cosmos. Its workers stay up to design and craft tools of mass destruction and peace. People paid trillions of dollars for each weapon, seek to use it out with their own intentions. Rather it was for bad or good, the forge created balance. That is that if the forge doesn’t stop creating the weapons it outputs to buyers. The letter was invitation to join the Black Forge. “As of recent events we considered to seek out to you. We liked to offer a work positions within our environment.” A part of it read. It also it would provide a form of a transportation to and back from the forge for its workers. If Zoi agreed, all he had to do is sign his name on a contract behind the letter. “We’ll arrive by the morning at 7:30 AM” it stated. Zoi after a moment of consideration, signs the contract with haste. The contract disappears into the air, emitting golden and bright sparks through the air. Zoi tells the news to his parents and they come to hug him, they are extremely proud. A bus comes along to pick him, the passengers come greet the new members. Zoi boards the bus and waves to his parents as he departs into space. The heavy vehicle breaks through clouds and zooms into outer space. They come close to a far and small star, where a large structure stands in its orbit. Zoi looks out the window to see the thing he looked forward to, the Black Forge. 

A black cube of black stone. 

Fire emits from its surface, spreading its heat across the area. The bus hits the surface of the forge and takes a stop in a station. Everyone gets off and Zoi looks up at the forge. The template of stone excites him. The blue and orange flames create many ideas in his head. He goes to a place that the letter had stated and gears up there. He heads to station where he sees many people working on large weapons. These weren’t your average black smiths, they were one of the best across the cosmos. Each one working by the hottest flames ever created, to finish the next powerful weapon in the world. Since he was just got there an assignment was there in his inbox. The assignment gave a detailed blueprint and design of a complex long sword. The difficulty of this sword was labeled as “easy”, but whenever he looked the design. It seemed impossible to construct, the blade curvec in odd ways he it went up. He go a piece of iron and heated it up in his furnace. With the very same hammer his father given to him that he used to create all of his past weapons, Zoi hits the metal, marking the beginning of his career.

Sparks fly pass with each slam. The metal grows with mean red. At every hit, the blade took more form. Zoi worked hard to memorize each part of the blade and gradually add detail to it. He took a little longer than a black smith working could, but he finished. As he polished the handle, he attached it to the bottom of the weapon. Thus, finishing his first weapon as a professional. As each weapon took shorter and shorter to make, he got better at what he did. The weapons become precisely as what the blueprints, and his weapon looked outstanding. His performance was eventually came into consideration and was celebrated among the forge.  He drunk and had fun with his friends, and built up an impressive career. Zoi created larger and larger weapons, and by that point, scale and complexity didn’t matter any more. His skill could rival any design given to him, no matter how hard it was construct. He only was only 16 when he joined the forge, now he sits as senior among all forges, a 67 year old grand master. The older he got, the more things he did. There was truly to stop this aging man. He was happy. 

Until one day he got an idea from the one of blueprints he received. Zoi had the idea of creating his own weapon. He made a rough blueprint, and an exceptionally long sword. He wanted to make this weapon “the one”. Zoi desired it to the be the strongest among any in existence. Regular metal in their stock wouldn’t do. So Zoi need to create an extremely sharp material. He had some thought of what to make it with, but the only problem is how he was going to get the material. That being antimatter, it is a fairly unstable particle and is rare to come by. Perhaps impossible to find, so Zoi left a note at his desk and went on mission to manufacturer of this material. He visited over 59 planets, asking for information, but no one knew who made it and even sometimes what it was. At this point he was at the verge of giving up. He hops in his space ship and sets a course for the forge. That is a group of merchant ships pass by, and only one stays behind to interact with Zoi. The dashboard signals an incoming call from these ships. The merchant offer their usual cosmic items, but Zoi kindly declines and gets to the point. He ask for info on Antimatter, and the old merchant tells him that he go find some “in a collider ring near planet-XI2. Planet-XI2 was a planet known for its great breakthroughs in scientific and technological fields. Extremely smart and wealth people went there to enjoy the luxury of sci-fi tech. You could roam the large lit up cities and find tech anywhere. Luckily the planet makes profits selling its technology to other distant galaxies for money. Their technology comes in the form of items, weapons, vehicles, and much more. They could give you a robot army within a week if you paid the high price for it. But Zoi never heard of them of making antimatter ever. The female merchant explains that its a hidden project made for creating for weapons of war. She came about this project by overhearing information when a group of shadow dealers trying to sell the technology. She looked into and found that it was being developed by planet-XI2. With this new information that she told, Zoi now knew where to go. The lady said he could visit some sellers in a system near the planet.  He visits the solar system that she had specified and heads the certain planet. From afar in the planet’s orbit, stood a collection of spaceships merged to form a mass cube-like station. Zoi enters the stations and find the sellers that were descrived. He asks them about the antimatter. They look up to greet the well known black smith. They answer the question by stating they have a “small sample” of the stuff he wanted.  They led him pass a curtain that reveal a huge bottle the shines in the light. This “small sample” was considered to the scientist who worked at planet-XI2. The giant container towered over and was absolutely enough to allow Zoi to construct his weapon. But the seller was going to serve it at half price instead of full in exchange for what Zoi was making. The seller had the suspicion of why Zoi need some much of the stuff so suddenly. Zoi had no choice to hide it. He talked about he planned to create the strongest weapon in the universe. The seller knew of something dark to come if he had given Zoi the dark matter. “Who do you plan to give this weapon to?” said the seller. Zoi replies by stating, “To who ever who finds it first.” Seller in confusion, “You plan to give away, quite possibly, your greatest creation to someone random?” Zoi explains his plan further, “I know of dark future, because I saw something one day. A month as I took my slumber, I had vision where I saw a man fighting a mysterious force. They were holding a long weapon, and the weapon appear only as black as the void. It had no detail or features. That very weapon might be the thing I’m creating. From the looks of it, the one holding the weapon, seemed to fighting with a hope. He moved with determination and a strong presence. So if don’t I create this weapon, all of what you see before you, will disappear.” 
The seller looks to the Zoi, “You know Zoi, I trust you. I think everybody does due to your great history. I will give the antimatter without a price. Even though what you say might be crazy, I wouldn’t like to this great place disappear. There are some good parts that I cherish here. Seeing everything fall to ruin would make all of this meanness. So take what you need, Zoi, I willing to help you with anything for the sake of the cosmos.” 

The seller offers his hand, wanting a handshake. They shake hands and Zoi takes the  container into his ship. He flies away as seller look ups at the stars with hope. Arriving back at the forge in secret he takes to the antimatter in his workshop, there he starts the extremely complicated process of making the strongest material in the universe. Since everyone was asleep, Zoi worked in his private work station for hours after work. At times, he didn’t sleep so he could keep working on the sword. He learned more about the properties of the materials he was going to used, and concluded of one possible way to create this blade. He had work near an extremely powerful laser. A powerful red laser would be able to stabilize the anti-matter for only a couple minutes before disappearing completely. Only one place like that existed, and it stood on planet-XI2. It was place for making artificial black holes, but lasers there could powerful enough to stabilize the antimatter. The billion microscopic flying mirrors would be able to reflect the red lasers and to stable each atom of antimatter Zoi had. But he need an extremely good reason to use the facility, and renting it was also insanely pricey. With all hope lost, suddenly remembers a good friend of his, Leon Walton.

Leon Walton, an extremely profound scientist around weapon smiths. He sought to create weapons of steel, but in his own technological way. He grew up living in the world of Planet-XI2, his parents owned a company who manufactured many advanced tools, which were sold to the army.  Regular citizens would buy their products to “enhance” or better their own lives. Leon’s father had grown to proceed his legacy into a company like the one now. After his father died, Leon’s mother proceeded to take over the company as CEO. Despite being a female,  she quickly gained the respect of many workers and people around and continued the company with her own passions. The company was revolutionized by her standing, and became something ever more. Leon was made the “second in command”, and worries over his mother’s position as she ages. “I’ll need to take over as soon as possible” he thought. After living and watching over a city of complete technology he realized, and planned a goal that he would reach one day. “To help those weaker.” he stated. He went into his workshop and starting forging today’s greatest medical, space, and land technologies. He connections with the smiths at the Black Forge to learn of art and design of weapons. He used this knowledge to create the advanced weapons for war and protecting the people. Then he eventually met Zoi, whose work stood most fascinating. Leon became friends with Zoi and collaborated once on something that would fall into a certain man’s hands. Now Leon is the current CEO of the company and taking care of his mother, who has fallen ill. 

Zoi pulls out his phone and dials “Leon Walton”.  The smith talks with Leon about his intentions, and Leon agrees. He meets will Zoi at facility and they proceed with Zoi’s under his clearance. The container of anti-matter is brought in, and Leon is surprised at the huge amount he had, and asked Zoi where he got from. “A strange friend.” Zoi replies.  Leon continues on and the anti-matter container is placed horizontally on a table in a chamber. Leon warns “you will only have 5 minutes before its completely destabilizes.” Zoi nods and heads into the chamber in an advanced suit with his hammer. The room lights with red as robotic arms take apart the container. The anti-matter hovers the table in a suspended animation where the lasers navigate around Zoi. 

Heated copper is poured into the anti-matter and then coat in Black iron from the forge. His hammer slams against the mixture shaping into a blade. Since his hammer tip was slightly coated in a positive matter, so the antimatter be reformed along with the other materials. 2 minutes pass and the blade is finished, Zoi now sharpens its edges. 1 more minute passes, and the blade is already finished, but Zoi thinks of rather the sword would need a  handle. “Having the blade separate from its handle would pointless since no handle can support the blade.” Zoi thought. An option appear into zoi’s head in that moment, “The handle will apart of the blade.” A sword which handle Is apart of the blade would make it an “all in one sword”. Sadly this geometric sword be without guard. But it long enough to slice stars in half. 30 seconds remains and zoi is still working on the handle. His hammer moves at an alarming rate to make those details as quickly as possible. A countdown of 10 seconds remains and zoi is still working on the blade. He finishes and bolts towards the chamber door. The door closes behind Zoi as he scrambles onto the floor. “Solidification process activated”.  The ceiling opens up and charging noise is heard. Suddenly a laser beams down and the ground shakes. All the lights turn off and everything is dark. In the darkness and a sword appears in the light. The beam continues to strike the sword, the particles and anti-matter reform and become solid. The laser goes on for 5 minutes before stopping. All is silent amongst the dark facility. An object lays on the platform, and emits a white outline. Its the only object emitting any form of light in the chamber. Zoi enters the chamber with the sword not far away. He puts on gloves before picking up the sword, nothing happens. If the sword was even slightly unstable, his gloves would’ve been annihilated instantly. The sword was really heavy, about 750 pounds, but nothing Zoi couldn’t handle. He picks it with all his might and carries it outside into his ship quickly. Zoi goes up to Leon and thanks him for allowing him this opportunity. Leon shakes Zoi’s hand and they both part. Zoi heads to the forge with his weapon in secret. The weapon is stored in a safe that Zoi designed himself to keep only specifically this weapon. The safe locks and door is closes forever. A label is in the front of the safe, its says only one thing... 

“Aperen”.

## Origin: 
Comes from his old mention in Bex’s document. I writing a ring that could conceal Bex’s aura at the time, but I needed a name so they could be the creator. I was like  “Oh boy”, since I said that too much at the time. Then I thought the word “Boi” and replace the “b” with a “z” and created “Zoi”. “Boi” is comical version of the “Boy”
